"Oh, hi."
"Oh, that's right... I heard someone new was moving onto that old farm. It's kind of a shame, really. I always enjoyed exploring those overgrown fields by myself." 
"I hope a mermaid visits the beach." 
"I'm gonna ask Willy if we can take the scenic route back." 
"Maybe we'll see a sea monster on the way back." 
"The beach is okay, but it gets boring pretty quick. I'd rather check out that dark jungle, or the volcano!" 
"Hmm, you think I could sneak my guinea pig onto the island?Nah, David's probably not much of a swimmer anyways." 
"My skin gets burnt really easily. So I'm just gonna stay under this umbrella for a while.I like it in the shade. Too much sun makes me dizzy." 
"Hey @, want to build a sand castle with me?Actually, a sand dungeon might be cooler!" 
"Hey @, you think you could build a raft?I saw a few cool islands on the way here I want to visit." 
"An island this big has got to be hiding some buried treasure.Quick, get me a shovel!Relax, I'm just kidding." 
"Gus made me a dark purple refresher, to match my hair. It tastes great!" 
"Bummer... Willy says we have to stay on the beach...And I brought my sword and everything..." 
"That's flattering... but I'm gonna have to say no. Sorry." 
"What are you doing here? Just leave me alone!" 
"Don't talk to me!" 
"*sigh*... I can't stay mad at you anymore, @. Let's just move on with our lives." 
"Oh... I... I understand. You see me as just a friend...I guess we weren't really a good match..." 
"Oh, hey. Taking a break from work?" 
"Oh, hi!Do you ever hang out at the cemetery? It's a peaceful place to spend some time alone." 
"Ugh... I'm not in a good mood right now.I said I'm not in a good mood... what do you want?" 
"...*sigh*...I know my parents mean well, but sometimes they just cannot understand my point of view. Weren't they ever young?" 
"Hey. Sorry in advance if I say anything rude. I didn't get much sleep last night.What do you want?" 
"Oh no, I think my Dad's going to cook dinner tonight...I don't feel like doing anything today..." 
"Wow, I just realized it's Friday. Sometimes I totally lose track of time." 
"We're all going to hang out in the saloon this evening. It's kind of like a friday tradition, I guess." 
"The fresh mountain air is nice on a day like this.I wonder if the frogs will make an appearance soon." 
"Oh man... I've been pushing off my homework all weekend. Looks like I'll be pulling another all-nighter..." 
"I wonder what would happen if I spent all night in the graveyard? @, What do you think happens to us after we die? I have no idea. We come back as spooky ghosts. We go to Heaven. Our energy bodies enter the astral plane. Nothing. We just cease to exist." 
"I guess you think nothing would happen, right?|Maybe a wicked ghost would appear!" 
"Hmm, interesting..." 
"Well that's an interesting theory!" 
"You know, that wouldn't be so bad." 
"Oh, hi @. Taking a break from your work?Me too. Oh! Nothing physical... just some online classes I'm taking." 
"Hi, I'm glad to see you.I want to take my mind off things for a while... how is your day going?" 
"You came all this way to visit me? That's nice.So have you been exploring the mountain caves at all?Interesting. I'd like to go there myself one of these days." 
"...Oh, @! Hi.Want to hang out for a while? Here! Let me read your palm. *giggle* " 
"Hi. Do you feel like everything seems unreal lately? Not in a bad way, though." 
"The birds were happily chirping today. They're too simple to understand the future.It's better to be like them, isn't it?" 
"Great! I'm sure you'll be able to beat this level with ease." 
"Oh? *sigh*... I guess I'll never get past this level, then..." 
"See? You understand why I'm out here, then.I've lived in the valley my whole life, but I've never really done anything memorable. I want to go on an adventure!" 
"Sure. I don't want to kill anything, either. I just want to do a little exploring without risking my neck!I've lived in the valley my whole life, but I've never really done anything memorable. I want to go on an adventure!" 
"Oh, it's because I'm a girl... isn't it? Ugh... Why? I'm just as strong as you! I'm not some fragile princess.. I can take care of myself! I've lived in the valley my whole life, but I've never really done anything memorable. I want to go on an adventure!" 
"Really? That's surprising.I've lived in the valley my whole life, but I've never really done anything memorable. I want to go on an adventure!" 
"I see..." 
"Yea... I guess you would be one to appreciate this somber ambience." 
"...That's true." 
"Yeah... I guess my own life is okay..." 
"...!" 
"I would feel better if I could believe that...But I don't." 
"@..." 
"@... I'm alright." 
"...okay." 
"I guess when you have something to lose, it's normal to be afraid..." 
"...Um, okay. Sorry." 
"Summer's here. It's not really my favorite season.The air is so muggy I feel like I'm floating in soup." 
"My pet guinea pig, David, just hates this hot weather. He's fussy." 
"The air is so thick with honey and nectar all summer. I almost feel dizzy." 
"Have you decorated your house at all? That's what I'd be doing if I had a house." 
"I went to the beach last night, after dark... Sometimes you can see strange lights bobbing over the sea.Or maybe that was just a dream I had... It doesn't feel real anymore." 
"If I knew how to use a sword I would be exploring those caves by the mountain lake right now. It's probably nice and cool in there." 
"Ew, I hope I don't get a tan this summer." 
"I kind of wish I had a cat. Unfortunately, my Dad is allergic to pretty much everything." 
"I'm looking forward to fall... the cool mountain breeze, the swirling red petals, the smell of mushrooms... *sigh*" 
"Do you ever get an urge to go exploring, @? Okay... pretend you just won a free vacation. Where would you go? The beach. In a dark cave. The old, gnarled forest. Joja Mega-Mall." 
"I do... but you probably wouldn't like the places I'm thinking about...|Maybe we'll be neighbors someday. I think we both have similar, weird tastes." 
"Huh. I think that would get old fast." 
"Yea! That sounds wonderful." 
"I would love to live in an old farmhouse like you.The creak of a floorboard, the slow plumes of dust whispering through the rafters... There's something special about an old building, isn't there?" 
"You're an interesting guy, @. I'm glad you moved here.^You're an interesting lady, @. I'm glad you moved here." 
"I'm actually enjoying myself this summer.It's funny how quickly one's outlook can change." 
"I used to think Pelican Town was kinda drab, but lately I'm starting to love some things about it." 
"Wow, you look nice today.I mean, that summer air is really good for the complexion, isn't it?... heh..." 
"Do you ever get lonely on your farm?" 
"Ah... Fall's here!I was getting so tired of summer." 
"I need to stretch my legs and get some fresh air today." 
"I try to help out in the shop on most days. Business has been pretty bad since the Joja Mart opened, though.|Ever since Joja Mart shut down we've been doing great at the shop!" 
"I can't wait to see some pumpkins this year.The spirit's eve festival happens at the end of the season. It's pretty low-key compared to what you'd see in Zuzu City, but for a small town like this it's a lot of fun." 
"Last night I dreamt that my left hand had turned into a gigantic %. Does that mean anything?%Abigail doesn't seem to be interested in talking right now." 
"I can't believe you fixed up that old Community Center all by yourself. I'm really impressed.|Do you have any scarecrows on your farm?" 
"Hmm... what should I do tonight? I was thinking about dyeing my hair again... what do you think? Dye it black. Why not blonde? How about bubblegum pink? I like your hair just the way it is!" 
"I was going to dye my hair but then I decided against it.|Yes? What is it?" 
"I guess that's a pretty safe choice, huh?I'll think about it." 
"Of course that's what you'd say." 
"You're always good for a laugh." 
"Are you growing pumpkins on your farm this year?Save one for me!" 
"I may fight with my parents a lot, but I know they're just looking out for me. They're doing what they think is best.I dunno why I'm saying this to you. Don't tell anyone." 
"Hi.Your hair looks cool today... did you do something different?" 
"You know, I could actually see myself becoming a farmer some day...But how would that ever happen? *chuckle*" 
"I had an interesting dream last night, with you in it.It was a good dream." 
"I wish the season lasted a little longer. When the wind really picks up, I almost feel like a kid again." 
"I usually feel lonely this time of year, but not anymore. @, what are your plans for the future?" 
"Well, fall is over...But I like winter, too!" 
"It's just too cold to go outside much.But I do enjoy building a snowgoon." 
"Doesn't a steaming hot cup of cocoa sound good right now?" 
"Hi. Is it boring to be a farmer during the winter?" 
"I'm definitely going to enter the egg hunt tomorrow. Are you?" 
"Well, tomorrow is the flower dance. Dancing is alright, but they make me wear this stupid white dress..." 
"I'm looking forward to making a snow man tomorrow." 
"Will I see you tomorrow at the Spirit's Eve festival? Look for me in the haunted maze." 
"Everyone's excited for the Luau tomorrow. Maybe a little nervous, too, considering the Governor will be here." 
"You can't miss tomorrow's festival. It's one of the most beautiful wonders of the valley." 
"I'm going to eat so much cranberry sauce tomorrow." 
"Another year is almost over.It goes by so fast, doesn't it?" 
"One thing I've learned living here... everyone stares at you if you look different." 
"It's the weekend!That means I can play twice as many video games.Bye." 
"Oh, hello. I made these two drawings. What do you think? I like the jungle island and the tiger. I like the orc with the battleaxe. I don't like either of them." 
"Remember those drawings I showed you a while ago? I accidentally threw them away.|Remember that drawing I showed you with the orc? I entered it into an online contest and won 50g!" 
"Oh yeah? I guess that makes sense." 
"I'm glad. It's embarrassing to share your art with others. But I think you and I are on the same page." 
"Rude! Why would you hurt my feelings like that? You're so insensitive!" 
"Hi. If you're ever bored, you can always hang out in my room.As long as I'm not changing, of course!" 
"It's so cold, I wish we had a hot cup of cocoa to share." 
"I've been daydreaming a lot lately...Oh! You want to know what it's about? Well......It's a secret." 
"Another year is almost over...But this was a really good year, don't you think?" 
"It must be nice not having crops to worry about this time of year.And that means you can hang out with me more often!" 
"@, there's something I want to tell you...It's just... um... well... your boots! They, uh...look really clean... *gulp*That's all... *sigh*" 

